The Maintenance Sector is the janitor's domain.
If I can find Ahti here,
he can help me reach the override.
Maybe it was you who got me into
the Oldest House when the lockdown's on.
Maybe it was Ahti.
It felt like he made the elevator appeared
that took me to Trench's office.
Is Ahti guiding me too?
The directorial override is right there.
In the Control Room.
How do we get there?
What's down that way?
- AHTI: (SINGING)
Well done!
You got the job.
### for congratulations.
###
It happened in the last ###.
I ### need an assistant.
- JESSE: Funny thing is...
I've been a janitor.
I'm more at home in that role
than in the director.
Only Ahti here seems to see that.
Yeah, hi. Ahti, look...
We need to get the lockdown lifted.
Otherwise, I can't get to the other sectors.
Can you have me get to the override?
- AHTI: Yes... yes... Easy peasy.
It's just around the corner.
But first...
We need to get you working.